Add MB_ATTACHMENT_TABLE_ROW_LIMIT to docs (#37261)
metabase/metabase: docs/configuring-metabase/environment-variables.md

Maximum number of async Jetty threads. If not set, then [MB_JETTY_MAXTHREADS](#mb_jetty_maxthreads) will be used, otherwise it will use the default.

### `MB_ATTACHMENT_TABLE_ROW_LIMIT`

Type: integer<br>
Default: `20`<br>

> Since: v48.0

Reviewer: > Since: v48.0

Has this env var been in since v48.0? 

In any case, we've only documented version numbers on some but not all env vars, and I don't think it's necessary to include this info as our docs are already versioned.

Author: Sorry, 48.2.

Ok! Saw it for some of them and added it because of that.

> Adds the ability to control the row limit for rendered tables in alerts and subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limits the number of rows Metabase will include in tables sent as attachments with dashboard subscriptions and alerts.
```
Is this more accurate?
